# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview

This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, I built and optimized an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model (Logistic regression).
This model was then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary

The dataset resulted from a phone-based marketing campaign of a banking institution in Portugal. In this marketing campaign, potential customers were contacted by phone and introduced to the bank's product (bank term deposit) and they can decide to subscribe to the product or not.

In this project, we try to predict how likely is a customer to subscribe to the product given

- Their demographic profile (age, job, loan, ...)
- The context of the phone call (time, duration, ...),
- Socio-economic context (employment variation rate, CPI, ...)
- Other variables

The best predictor was a VotingEnsemble, built using Azure AutoML which achieved a ~92% accuracy on a 4-fold cross validation.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
